{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 I have tried to recreate PacMan, but unfortunately I was not able to finish due to time restraints. I was only able to accomplish this with the help of the Sprite library that I imported into Processing. It was incredibly difficult to learn how the sprite library worked since I was only able to find two small blocks of example code online and the reference page. The reference page helped a lot but it did not give me enough information like what a pApplet was, which you needed to pass in as a parameter to initialize a sprite. I even looked it up and could not find anything that could help me. I was only able to figure out what it was when I found a small block of code online that used that sprite library and initialized a sprite. The reference page says this, " sprites.Sprite.Sprite (PApplet theApplet, String imageFname, int zOrder).\
PacMan example: Sprite pacMan = new Sprite(this, "pacManSpriteSheet.png", 1);\
\
It also took me awhile to figure out how to make a sprite animate using this library. I actually instead learned how to repeat a method at a specific time interval and I would just switch between two different pictures essentially making the animation. Of course shortly after I wrote that method I learned how to use the Sprite library to animate the sprite via a sprite sheet.\
\
I spent a lot of time on the wall collision detection making multiple versions. The first two versions were just a lot of if-else statements looking at each individual wall. I then rewrote the method to be more like an algorithm by adding the walls to list and iterating through them.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 I didn't have time to finish the game let alone polish all of the imperfections (watch as the ghosts leave the middle box). If I had another two weeks or so I could probably finish the entire game without any bugs.\
\
How to Play:\
Move PacMan with the arrow keys\
Eat one of the four dots to be able to eat the ghosts\
Once you eat a dot you can not die\
If a ghost runs into you before you eat a dot then you die and it is game over\
If you eat all four ghosts then you win\
}